our whole conversation you've been up
here thinking I want you to stop for a
moment and just feel your whole
body whole thing
yeah and if I'm asking your body what's
progress what is your body's response
not your
heads in this coaching session we're
going to deal with overthinking and how
it gets you stuck and how to get unstuck
we did it during one of our live Q&A
calls where people from the public can
raise their hand and get coached by me
if you pay attention I'm sure you're
going to get a ton out of it I had a
terrible burnout for the last year uh
and I decided to quit my job and uh have
several months to to rest just to take
care of myself and right now is the
moment when I already feel the energy uh
to start something new to proceed on my
career but the
problem not the problem but the
situation is that I'm choosing between
the two paths like my husband and I we
are thinking about having a child just
thinking about it and uh that's how it
alwayss another path is about the career
yes so I don't know how to combine these
two things because I think it will be
too difficult for me to start both of
them like to proceed on my career and to
have a child it would like impossible I
don't know how so I'm choosing and I
don't know how to choose because I just
feel um confused of this situation and
I'm seeking of some guidance how do I
make this decision should I make it at
all what's what's that's a great um well
what if you didn't make the
decision what would that look like
you just said I what if I don't make it
at all how would that
look I will just go with the flow like
let something happen to me but uh this
seems to me kind of irresponsible like I
should I think I should make decisions
for my life and uh in this way I'm going
with the flow and I'm not sure
if if the best what's what's the what's
the emotion you're trying to avoid we
have this um we have a course called the
decisions course and one of the things
that we teach in that is that big
decisions are usually just avoided
emotions we make we make decisions in
the in the emotional part of our brain
if I took the emotional part of your
brain out you would take four hours to
decide where to have lunch but your IQ
would be the
same neurologically speaking Yeah so
what's the emotion that you're trying to
avoid in both of these two
decisions so you go and you get a job
again and you get productive again
what's the emotional reality that you
don't want to deal
with um I don't want to experience
burnout again great and if you went and
had a baby what's the emotional
experience that you're avoiding
[Music]
there
feeling like I I'm missing on something
because if I'm having a child then I
will not have my career and that's like
fear of missing out I think that I will
have long time not doing something not
having progress yeah
and H how how does burn out burnout not
do the same
thing if you burn out on your career how
how does that not also equal having a
long time not doing something it is
equal yeah it's the same like right now
I have six months of not making any
progress and it also feels progress
towards what miserable progress progress
in in the career towards
what uh feeling more confident as a
professional uh feeling more
achievement yeah so you want to feel
achievement and progress and you don't
want to
feel uh non progress stuck and burned
out
right yeah yeah and uh what makes you
think
that uh what's the way that you could
either have a baby
or um have a career and guarantee that
you don't feel
burnout like what how do you guarantee
no
burnout because you either don't think I
can
guaranteed ah yeah so what maybe you're
asking the wrong
question if you don't think you can
guarantee a not to burn out it means
that you like know no choices where you
want to
go so what if the question is how do I
work or how do I have a baby with no
burnout what's the answer
there
[Music]
to to
be to pay more attention to my own state
in all these process like having a child
or doing my job great that's that's
beautiful so yeah so if you
dedicated for the next uh two months to
just be aware of your own State as often
as
possible working on it yeah would that
be
progress just doing that without uh just
just doing that and getting better at
learning how to listen to yourself yeah
would that be
progress would that create
confidence I wish that I could uh see it
as progress but usually I don't yeah
yeah because I'm
therapist yeah so what makes progress
external and not
internal I gu maybe progress which I can
show to other people is more important
than some kind of internal progress what
makes that the case what makes that the
case because I always care too much
about other people's opinion that I want
to show them that I'm good enough I'm oh
wow you know progress you know what
that'll
cause
burnout burnout
yeah but maybe maybe I'm hoping that
there is a way for doing this without
burnout but I don't know
how how much of your burnout was created
by constantly making sure that other
people were happy and that you were
liked and that everything was going
smoothly
and a lot really a lot more than a half
okay so if you want to avoid burnout
what's the best way as I said paying
more attention to myself not trying
to to show anyone what I'm capable of
but just doing what I
love yeah I think
great so do me this
favor our whole conversation you've been
up here
thinking I want you to stop for a moment
and just feel your whole
body whole thing
yeah and if I'm asking your body what's
progress what is your body's response
not your
head's look at that smile it's
movement yeah
yeah you said it's been miserable for
the last six months you do not look
miserable right now my
dear how much of this misery is just the
being in your head looking for external
instead of being in your body looking
for the
internal oh it can't be that easy I just
saw yeah there you go it can be that
easy when I'm staying in my body I feel
a lot of happiness but yeah as you say
when I'm the hole in in in my head it's
miserable because I start thinking how
do people perceive me and that stuff
yeah yeah so go back to your body for a
minute just be there with your
body keep keep your sensation your body
look out into this room of
people look at like open your eyes look
into the room of people but don't leave
your
body yeah don't leave your body that's
all like feel the feet and your bum and
the whole thing yeah yeah and look at
look at and now I want you to I want you
to what does your body have to say about
what these people think of you your body
not your
head I think they like watching me like
admiring
yeah does your body care what they
think feel your body don't get in your
hand feel your whole body does your body
care people
think my body doesn't care actually no
yeah thank you Joe you're so welcome
what a pleasure